ZYGARDE 50%: [ROAR]
MABLE: Good. We've cornered it.
Time to catch it. Let's go!
SNEASEL, SKORUPI: [SNARL]
HOUNDOOM: [GROWL]
HOUNDOOM, HOUNDOUR,
SNEASEL, SKORUPI: [BATTLING]
ZYGARDE 50%: [ROAR]
HENCHMEN X3: What's going on?!
HOUNDOOM, HOUNDOUR,
SNEASEL, SKORUPI: [STRUGGLING]
MABLE: I must sadly
apologize. We lost it.
LYSANDRE: So it turns out Z
is as powerful as I suspected.
LYSANDRE: Find it... for
the world our Team Flare
is aiming to achieve.
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
(I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner)
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
BONNIE: Look out, here I come!
PIKACHU: [PLAYING]
NARRATOR: With only more one
more Gym badge to win before
entering the Kalos League, Ash
continues on his journey with
his friends to Snowbelle City.
ZYGARDE CORE: [EXCITED]
CLEMONT: Let's go, Bonnie
ASH: We're really close
to the Pokémon Center!
BONNIE: 'Kay!
DEDENNE: [HAPPY] / [SURPRISED]
SERENA: Hey Bonnie, what is it?
BONNIE: There's
something inside!
DEDENNE: [CURIOUS]
ZYGARDE CORE: [SLEEPING]
/ [CURIOUS]
ZYGARDE CORE: [STARTLED]
BONNIE: Wow, it moved!
ZYGARDE CORE: [HOPPING]
DEDENNE: [SURPRISED]
BONNIE:Wait!
ASH: What's that?!
ZYGARDE CORE: [FLEEING]
ZYGARDE CORE: [FALLING]
BONNIE: Come on,
I've got you! Yay!
PIKACHU: [CURIOUS]
DEDENNE: [CURIOUS]
BONNIE: Where'd it go?
That tickles!
CLEMONT: Bonnie
what are you doing?!
BONNIE: There, I gotcha!
ZYGARDE CORE: [STRUGGLING]
BONNIE: Are you a Pokémon?
Coochie coo.
ZYGARDE CORE: [TICKLISH]
PIKACHU, DEDENNE: [CURIOUS]
BONNIE: So cute!
CLEMONT: I've never
seen that Pokémon before.
ASH: Oh hold on.
I'll use the Pokédex!
SERENA: We do have new ones!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
POKEDEX: No data.
ASH: Nothing.
PIKACHU: [INCREDULOUS]
SERENA: Wait. Let me try.
POKEDEX: No data.
SERENA: Oh, it really
didn't work after all.
CLEMONT: So that means it's
a new kind of Pokémon?!
ASH: Awesome! What a cool find!
BONNIE:I decided.
ZYGARDE CORE: [GRUMPY]
BONNIE: I'm gonna
take care of it.
CLEMONT: Bonnie!
Please don't forget,
you don't
know anything about it!
BONNIE: I'll learn by
taking care of it.
If you don't have a name yet,
then I'll just give you one!
Now let me see. It's squishy
ZYGARDE CORE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: So I'll
call you Squishy!
ASH: That's a
great name! Squishy!
SERENA: Nice
to meet you, Squishy!
CLEMONT: To think you
always give me grief about
unimaginative names.
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
DEDENNE: [GREETING]
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
ZYGARDE CORE: [UNCERTAIN]
BONNIE: I want you
to meet Dedenne.
DEDENNE: [PLEASED]
ZYGARDE CORE: [SURPRISED]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
DODRIO X LOTS: [STAMPEDING]
ASH: Oh no! Dodrio!!
GROVYLE: [LEAPING]
ASH: And a Grovyle!
ASH: Hey, who's Pokémon?
GROVYLE: [LANDING]
SAWYER: Grovyle!
SAWYER: Grovyle, wait for me!
ASH: Sawyer?!
SAWYER: Hey,
it's you guys!
SAWYER: I can't
believe I ran into you
SERENA: What was that all about?
SAWYER: I was
trying to catch one...
ASH: That's why
you were chasing them!
GROVYLE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: Hey! My Squishy's gone!
SAWYER: Squishy who?
ZYGARDE CORE: [HOPPING]
CELOSIA: Finally!
I found you, Z! Success!
CELOSIA: Spread
out! Surround it!
HENCHPEOPLE X3:
Yes ma'am! Roger!
CELOSIA: Celosia here.
Mable, do you copy?
MABLE: This is Mable.
What is it?
CELOSIA: How did your
attempt to catch Z 2 go?
MABLE: It got away.
CELOSIA: Aw. Too bad.
CELOSIA: So we'll just get Z
first! All right!
BONNIE: Hey, Squishy?! Squishy?!
CLEMONT: Squishy,
where are you?!
ASH: Hello?!
SERENA: Squishy, come back!
ASH: Sawyer? Thank you so
much for helping us look.
SAWYER: No prob!
But don't forget I wanna
meet Squishy, too!
ASH: Buddy! See
anything up there?
PIKACHU: [NEGATIVE RESPONSE]
ZYGARDE CORE: [SURPRISED]
HOUNDOUR X2 DRAPION: [GROWLING]
CELOSIA: Well, well
CELOSIA: Trying to
run away, are you now?
You're a bad little Z!
CELOSIA: Drapion,
Pin Missile, let's go!
DRAPION: [PIN MISSILE MOVE]
SQUISHY: [SCARED]
ASH: Could it be?
ZYGARDE CORE: [STRUGGLING]
CELOSIA: Good. Now,
let's get back to the lab.
PIKACHU: [ANGRY]
BONNIE: It's Squishy!
ASH: What are you trying to do?!
CELOSIA: Who are you children?
ASH: Leave
that Pokémon alone!
CELOSIA: Pokémon,
huh? I suppose so.
SERENA: Oh no!
Look how scared it is!
CELOSIA: Well What we do
with our little one is our
business now, isn't it?
ZYGARDE CORE: [STRUGGLING]
PIKACHU: [ANGRY]
SERENA: What does she mean our?
ZYGARDE CORE: [STRUGGLING]
No! Squishy is asking us for
help! You let Squishy GO!
ASH: Who do you guys
think you are, anyway?!
CELOSIA: Please. What a bore.
Drapion, use Toxic, now.
DRAPION: [TOXIC MOVE]
ASH: Okay, Thunderbolt! GO!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
DRAPION: [TOXIC MOVE]
SAWYER: 'Kay, G !
Leaf Storm GO!
DRAPION: [SURPRISED]
ZYGARDE CORE: [PANICKED]
DRAPION: [LANDING]
HENCHPERSON: Houndour move out!
HOUNDOUR X2: [LUNGING]
ASH: Noibat, let's go!
NOIBAT: [APPEARING]
ASH: Use Supersonic!
NOIBAT: [SUPERSONIC MOVE]
HOUNDOUR X2: [CRINGING]
CELOSIA: The nerve
Use Sludge Bomb!
DRAPION: [SLUDGE BOMB MOVE]
ASH: Now Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
CELOSIA: That wasn't half‐bad.
ASH, CLEMONT, SERENA, BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH: "It's um"
BONNIE: "Squishy!"
XEROSIC: I never would have
dreamed the two of you would
allow Z to escape.
This is truly unacceptable.
MABLE: I'm incredibly sorry.
CELOSIA: We're
continuing our search.
XEROSIC: Wait. Aliana and Bryony
are also being deployed.
ALIANA: Now we have to do
someone else's job.
BRYONY: Cleaning up after
your mess is so annoying!
XEROSIC: All right,
let's play nice.
XEROSIC: This is Z.
And a nucleus, or Core,
and some of its Cells.
XEROSIC: Find
that Core and secure it!
XEROSIC: There are currently two
Cores.
The first one we
discovered is codenamed Z1.
It recently escaped
from our laboratory.
XEROSIC: The next one we
discovered is codenamed Z2.
ZYGARDE: [ROAR]
BRYONY: All right then, how
about I'll take care of Z1.
ALIANA: That will be just fine.
I'll take care of Z2, okay.
BRYONY: It would've been easier
if they'd left it up to us
from the beginning.
ALIANA: With Mable
and Celosia...
MABLE: Be quiet!
CELOSIA: I'm still going to
catch that Z, you know!
ASH: What was all that anyway?
BONNIE: Squishy, you're okay!
SERENA: Thank goodness!
BONNIE: You were asking me
to help you back there,
weren't you, Squishy?
SQUISHY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT: Why don't
we camp out here tonight?
ASH: Yeah! Everybody come out!
FROGADIER, TALONFLAME,
HAWLUCHA: [APPEARING]
SAWYER: Oh, wow!
An Eevee and a Noibat!
You caught some new Pokémon!
ASH: Yeah!
BONNIE: Squishy, these
are all your new friends!
BONNIE: Be nice, 'kay?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
ZYGARDE CORE: [GREETING]
PIKACHU: [EATING]
FROGADIER, TALONFLAME, HAWLUCHA,
NOIBAT, BRAIXEN, PANCHAM, EEVEE,
CHESPIN, BUNNELBY,
LUXRAY: [EATING]
BONNIE: Want this?
ZYGARDE CORE:
[NEGATIVE RESPONSE]
SAWYER: It looks like
Squishy doesn't wanna eat.
PIKACHU: [OFFERING]
DEDENNE: [OFFERING]
BONNIE: Oh, that's
so nice! Thank you.
ZYGARDE CORE: [NEGATIVE
RESPONSE] PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
BONNIE: You don't
like berries either?
SAWYER: That seems
strange to me.
BONNIE: Me, too. Squishy,
aren't you hungry?
ZYGARDE CORE: [NEGATIVE
RESPONSE] / [HOPPING] / [HAPPY]
BONNIE: What's Squishy doing?
ZYGARDE CORE: [CURIOUS]
ZYGARDE CORE: [RELAXED]
BONNIE: Maybe all
it needs is sunlight.
SERENA: Wow, that's convenient!
ASH: So who were those people
in the red clothes anyway?
CLEMONT: They
said Squishy was theirs...
but it sure
didn't act that way.
SQUISHY: [SLEEPING]
BONNIE: Sawyer, you're so good!
SAWYER: I wanna find out more
about Squishy, so‐‐I think I'm
gonna ask the next Gym Leader
I challenge all about it.
ASH: Great idea!
Tell me, how many Gyms
have you been to, Sawyer?
SAWYER: Well I've been
to a whole bunch!
I've got five badges now!
SAWYER: What about you?
ASH: I've got seven now!
SAWYER: Incredible.
One more to go
ASH: Yeah!
ZYGARDE CORE: [SLEEPING]
SAWYER: That's the Psychic Badge
from the Anistar Gym, right?
ASH: Yeah. Olympia's a
really strong Leader.
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: You were
amazing there, Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
SAWYER: I'm going to the Anistar
Gym next. What's your next Gym?
ASH: The Snowbelle Gym.
SAWYER: Wow, the Snowbelle Gym?!
SAWYER: So it's right here.
ASH: You been there?
SAWYER: No way. The Gym Leader's
supposed to really strong so not
quite yet. Oh yeah! There's this
cool place on the
way to Snowbelle City called
Terminus Cave. Take a look!
SERENA: Terminus Cave, you
say... That's it, right?
SAWYER: Yeah, that's the place!
There are lots of Pokémon
you can't see anywhere else!
It's a chance to catch
some great Pokémon!
ASH: Yeah. It sounds awesome!
SERENA: Hey, Bonnie, we're going
to a cave!
BONNIE: A cave?
ZYGARDE CORE: [SCARED] / [ANGRY]
ASH: Stop! Get off of that!
ZYGARDE CORE: [UPSET]
SAWYER: Wow,
Squishy looks upset.
SERENA: I think it's trying to
tell us something.
BONNIE: Squishy,
do you want to go there?
ZYGARDE CORE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: That's a yes!
I knew that.
ZYGARDE CORE: [PLEASED]
ASH: Okay, let's go
to the Terminus Cave!
CLEMONT: And maybe we'll
learn some more things about
Squishy there too!
SERENA: Right!
PIKACHU: [SLEEPING]
ZYGARDE CORE: [SURPRISED]
ZYGARDE CORE: [DETERMINED]
BONNIE: Where are you going?!
SERENA: Bonnie, what's wrong?
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
BONNIE: Squishy, wait up!
ASH: Hey! What's going on?!
ZYGARDE CORE: [HOPPING]
ASH: (open run REACTS)
BONNIE: Squishy!
ZYGARDE CORE: [IMPACT]
PIKACHU: [WARNING]
BONNIE: Look out!
ASH: Pikachu, Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
SAWYER: Grovyle, Leaf Blade!
GROVYLE: [APPEARING]
GROVYLE: [LEAF BLADE MOVE]
ASH: It's those
bad guys from before!
Frogadier, let's go!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
FROGADIER: [APPEARING]
SERENA: You too, Braixen!
CLEMONT: Luxray!
BRAIXEN: [APPEARING]
LUXRAY: [APPEARING]
BONNIE: You didn't get hurt,
right?!
ZYGARDE CORE: [WEAK]
CELOSIA: Hey Will you
stay out of this please?
I told you it's mine, see?!
ASH: Well, you're wrong! If
Squishy was yours, you wouldn't
be treating it the way you do!
SAWYER: Yeah, Ash is right!
CELOSIA: Enough!
This is all getting very
old! Cross Poison, go!
DRAPION: [CROSS POISON MOVE]
HENCHPEOPLE: Dark Pulse, now!
HOUNDOUR X2: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
ASH: Frogadier! Water Pulse,
let's go! Pikachu, Thunderbolt!
FROGADIER: [WATER PULSE MOVE]
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
SERENA: Flamethrower!
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
CLEMONT: Luxray, use Swift, NOW!
LUXRAY: [SWIFT MOVE]
ASH: Serena, Clemont! Take
Bonnie and get away!
SAWYER: Do it! Me and Ash
will take care of this!
CLEMONT: All right, but
please, be careful, okay!
ASH: We will!
CLEMONT:
Luxray, return, right now!
SERENA: Braixen, return!
JESSIE: What was that?
JAMES: A flash,
followed by smoke!
JESSIE: So maybe that's Pikachu!
MEOWTH: Then it's time
to ride like the wind!
WOBBUFFET: [SALUTE]
JESSIE: ZOOM!
DEDENNE: [STARTLED]
SAWYER: Oh no
ASH: We've gotta get
to the others, quick!
CLEMONT: Hey Bonnie
are you alright?
SERENA: Yeah. Are you okay?
BONNIE: No! Where's Squishy?!
ZYGARDE CORE: [WAKING UP]
/ [CURIOUS]
ZYGARDE CORE: [HOPPING]
ZYGARDE CORE: [SCARED]
HOUNDOUR: [GROWLING]
BRYONY: We've got you now.
You're still needed for our
experiment, so give it up!
BISHARP: [APPEARING]
ZYGARDE CORE: [DETERMINED]
ZYGARDE CORE: [EXERTION]
ZYGARDE CORE: [TRANSFORMING]
BISHARP: [SURPRISED]
ZYGARDE 10%: [ROAR]
BRYONY: What?! I
was not told about this!
ZYGARDE 10%: [ROAR]
BISHARP, HOUNDOUR: [SCARED]
BRYONY: Retreat!
BONNIE: It's Squishy!
I just know it is!
CLEMONT: Bonnie, please wait!
PIKACHU: [CURIOUS]
‐SAWYER: What's that?
‐ASH: Let's go!
ZYGARDE CORE: [EXHAUSTED]
ZYGARDE CORE: [WEAK]
BONNIE: It's Squishy!
CLEMONT: What's
going on around here?
ASH: Serena! Clemont!
SAWYER: Hey, are you all right?
ASH: Where'd they go?
CLEMONT: I don't know, but
they're not here!
BONNIE: Poor Squishy. You okay?
ZYGARDE CORE:
[WEAK] / [RELIEVED]
BONNIE: Oh, Squishy. I'm sorry.
I won't let you go again.
SERENA: I'm just
glad everyone's okay.
ASH: Sawyer? Thanks
for battling along side me.
SAWYER: I hope Grovyle
and I were able to help you.
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE REACT]
ASH: Of course you did!
SAWYER: Thank you so much.
I'll be sure to
make a note of this!
SQUISHY: [HAPPY]
BRYONY: Guess what Celosia?
Z had another Forme.
BRYONY: This is incredibly
important new information for
Operation Z. I'd better
report it right now..
JESSIE: Too close!
MEOWTH: Yeah, she's
sharp as a tack.
JAMES: And she said Z.
WOBBUFFET: [CURIOUS]
JESSIE: Quiet!!
JAMES: Stay put,
don't talk, don't yell!
MEOWTH: Feeling like something's
gonna happen feels good.
NARRATOR: Anistar
Gym Leader Olympia
had a premonition
NARRATOR: a vision! She saw
a flickering green flame
engulf Kalos, threatening to
consume all of its people and
Pokémon in a raging,
swirling fire!
NARRATOR: Our heroes aren't
aware of it yet, but
that raging, swirling fire has
already begun to draw them in.
NARRATOR: What awaits them at
the end of their experiences
has yet to be discovered,
as the journey continues!
XEROSIC: This is a Z we've never
seen before!
LYSANDRE: That's true. The power
of Z is still a mystery to us.
LYSANDRE: Hurry and retrieve
it.
XEROSIC: Yes!